so new stabil still see us free a huge
update for us we again this shoe hadn't
been updated a number of years we
dropped down to eight millimeter offset
so again to have a smoother ride to it
we drop the heel a little bit a little
more under the forefoot the platinum is
very filled it it's very very stable
very controlling d couple to heal nicely
then you see a similar outer sole
configuration as you see with hurricane
and omni were taken to that heavy motion
control area the issue is filled in at
the mid-foot 12 millimeters more than
the hurricane five millimeters more than
the omni so again the widest platform
then a huge medial post on it the foots
going to sit down into the shoe so it
looks really chunky but light 11.4
ounces for mens I'm so the light motion
controls around the market great for
foot flex mean you very rarely will see
a motion control she that reflects it
and that's with paper and plastic stuff
in that torsionally very strong that
full platform gives you a great surface
area guides the foot a lot of rear foot
control and a lot of lockdown in the
upper we added sock fit nice bunion
window in the forefoot nice saddling and
he'll we did a support frame around the
heel so it's a double heel counter an
external one and in and an internal one
then again on the lateral side a lot of
saddling a lot of lockdown some sway
bars that pull up in the heel and nice
in the 45 power grid full full length
full-length power grand so this is going
to feel a little smoother a little
pusher then people are used to I mean it
does look different me it looks way less
clunky you turn around and see that that
post on the inside I get it but other
people should also know that there's not
really in true running anymore real
straight lasted shoes you know or very
few this is going to be a very straight
ish last but there's still a semi semi
curve to it I mean it's quite the nice
thing it's a full platform you look
portion it's very very rigid it's going
really slow down that protein yeah but
it's going to have a natural ride to it
so we basically taking design concepts
and by mechanic concepts up from our
natural running series and we're bring
it into motion control yeah instead of
it being that shoe box on your foot it's
going to feel like a shoe you can run in
it you know if you're a competitive run
you can actually run fast it there's a
width we're going to do a medium and
wide here leaving the y here for the
guys okay nice safe good color to do a
black kind of a little more punk rock
yeah Johnny Cash Johnny Cash yeah and
then we're going to do a nice gray green
it was a little bit different
you